Well, then the steam is part of the dream, that is, I am Cobern
Ukraine flew to the house at the airport
Borispol and the team landed
experience hudy not touch everything and knowing
our correspondent Allah I thought which one
infection studio football news on the line
zeos com crap rules and tell me
met berna extract from cream
it was given on a cotton wool split
flew a good day Ukraine nazhal still
yesterday by now we had happened to it for
all smaller
about beaten but likewise
still going to rush completely on Kashina
sorry still broken on the right 03 to the airport
soul is a little pain roller for vital we
literally 10 15 people climb was and
journalists
40 representatives in the mass
member information here again flint u10
football players out of the old terminal
labo report borispol wholeheartedly for
embarrassment
truth you have not had more than they italy
the cartoon doesn’t want the team
Ukraine or doctor
my wife and I were wounded
first Choran port of Artemovsk itself
and here's a new look but replacements it really
intuitivism was she of these
get worried with the press Alan managed
as someone behind the national team coach
Ukraine Alexander for thieves case
mean what was your to her still your to
bring some not a summer cottage too direct mova
Alexander Zavarov
seems cynical on no one by us for
a day after such a terrible pity not soul
recognized longtime jacques it's just
it's very difficult to talk about something now
so as to say that rational
grain hoof throw well this time you need
time to think better
everything for the team at least sour
Do you know
products which team flood which
words all regret as a city ​​and all
it will be fine but it's a pity they just poured
attack rooms from Ukraine’s axes of course
thank you very much we all hoped for
nations we wanted to do all that
possible and wish our all the time
stadium pass through manifested a lot
viewers and
but more football player appeared and you
start the truth
All photos are black can
to roll over i have been rolling over
such steps in three as the whole of Ukraine
lived cyma than son football she and beshu
share with the press will learn to make out
the game rustan rotan a certain
thirst so nachanaet fee examining dads
the streets also sent him propane and
listen to his direct
glorious coberna live head off not
if such a simple is unpleasant but
that it is looping , of course, you already need
move on we got very
offensively
life goes on she wants and let's go
thousand and Ukraine rollers symbol heavy
cypher and here sometimes of course you want
say thank you so much for the support but
it felt like you can almost say
got out of that unpleasant situation
who got but
we got a team that needs
admit not yet she after all their laser
the port of andrey ermolenko then the Evenks
there was no pankov here in Astana
amount note najal with borispol
studio I have to work for you have to go to
forest yashchuk fees slept year met
Berna Ukraine from France